chore: update changelog (#1073)
aws-amplify/amplify-ios: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
## Unreleased
## 1.6.1 (2021-02-19)
### Misc updates

> - Amplify/Tools pod is currently deprecated and it will be completely removed in a future release, a deprecation warning will be issued if used in an Xcode build script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Amplify/Tools pod is currently deprecated and it will be completely removed in a future release. For now, Xcode will emit a deprecation warning if your project invokes AmplifyTools in a custom build phase.
```
